Document need for extras repos (SOFTWARE-3627) (#533)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/common/yum.md

        :::file
        plugins=1

### Enable the "extras" OS repositories

> Some packages depend on packages in the "extras" repositories of your distro,

Reviewer: Since we call it an OS above, let's keep going with that

```suggestion
Some packages depend on packages in the "extras" repositories of your OS,
```

> and you should ensure that those repositories are enabled.

Reviewer: Let's be more assertive here

```suggestion
so you must ensure that those repositories are enabled.
```

> The instructions for this vary based on distribution:

Reviewer: Same thing about distro vs OS

```suggestion
The instructions for this vary based on your OS:
```

- On Scientific Linux, install the `yum-conf-extras` RPM package,
  and ensure that the `sl-extras` repo in `/etc/yum.repos.d/sl-extras.repo` is enabled.
  
- On CentOS, ensure that the `extras` repo in `/etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Base.repo` is enabled.

- On Red Hat Enterprise Linux, ensure that the `Server-Extras` channel is enabled.

!!! note
    A repository is enabled if it has `enabled=1` in its definition,

>     or if the `enabled` line is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or if the `enabled` line is missing
```

>     (I.e. it is enabled unless specified otherwise.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (i.e. it is enabled unless specified otherwise.)
```
